Male narrator: Tonight on Ice
Road Truckers... [Laughs]
Narrator: The bad boy
of the ice is back.
Aw, fuck. Aw, fuck.
Ooh!
Narrator: - And, on the Dalton...
- I'm out of here.
Narrator: The load
count is up for grabs.
Maybe knock the ace
off the throne.
Narrator: - As drivers push themselves...
- Oh, shit.
Narrator: And their
trucks to the limit.
I'm sitting over here
freezing my ass off.
I like him, but I can't pull his
weight the whole rest of the time.
Narrator: But one
rookie will go too far.
You put me in a bad spot.
That's BS, man.
You know it.
[Country rock music]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Narrator: At the Carlile
yard in Fairbanks...
Hey, Mike, how's it going?
Narrator: Austin Wheeler rolls
in, hungry for another haul.
This is what we're gonna do today,
okay, I got a pipe dolly ready to go.
I need you to go and meet Jay.
Okay.
Now I know you haven't
hauled a pipe dolly before.
Right.
It's not a whole lot different
than having just a
real long trailer, and I know
you've hauled a real long
- trailer before, so...
- For sure.
Narrator: Austin's load,
five pieces of long pipe...
Used to connect the oil fields in
Prudhoe Bay to the Alaskan pipeline.
It's just like having
a long trailer.
It's just that there's no trailer between
your back wheels and your drive tires.
Narrator: Longer than a
standard flatbed, these
massive pipes have to
rest on a separate dolly.
I realize the last dolly you
really played with was, you
know, your GI Joe dolly.
Yeah, I still have
those actually.
Do you really?
Yeah, they're in a rubbermaid
tupperware under my bed, just in case.
You're tired of me picking
on you, aren't you?
No, it's... [Laughing]
Narrator: Because of the
difficulty and chance for
disaster, this load is usually
reserved for veterans.
But after proving himself with
some heavy hauls this season,
Carlile is handing this
23-year-old a new challenge.
Maybe they trust me to do
bigger and better things, so I
guess I'm a little nervous,
but really excited.
I think this is the opportunity
I've been looking for.
[Exhales]
Here we go.
[Horn blasting]
Narrator: Right out of the
gate, Austin faces a winding
stretch of the Dalton with one
hairpin curve after another.
He's got to be on his game.
'Cause, when we go around turns,
we're so long that the
dolly for the pipe will be in the
other person's lane if we go
around a sharp corner.
It's just gonna be
a pain in the ass.
Narrator: If Austin meets a truck
around one of these blind
corners, it's a
guaranteed collision.
I got a pilot car in front of me
to tell me what traffic's coming.
Uh, northbound long
pipe, 25 mile corner.
I'm about to hit 25 mile corner.
That is probably one of the
most dangerous corners on this
highway, or in Alaska,
for that matter.
Here we go.
[Indistinct] That corner there?
I sure will.
All right [Indistinct].
No problem.
We highsided that.
That's awesome.
Highsided-- whenever a trucker
says we highsided it or lowsided
it, it means we stayed in the
high side of our transmission.
Watch his blade. Watch his blade.
She's hanging close.
Oh, damn it.
Holy shit.
Damn.
Just missed you there, buddy.
It was just really close to hitting
there with his other blade.
'Cause that blade had a big
blade on the side of it, what
they call a wing, so it can swoop the
corners out way off the side of the road.
But we got around him.
Just not much I
can do about it.
But let's get on up the road.
Let's get her done.
Narrator: 2,100 miles to the
southeast in Winnipeg...
Hugh Rowland's fighting to save
his stake in Polar
Industries' profits.
The roads are gonna
be slick today.
Sun's out. It's gonna be slick.
It's gonna be a short season.
We already know that.
I mean, we're in mid-season
here, I'm out here in my
short-sleeved shirt here.
It's melting on the road again.
[Horn blasts]
Narrator: With just a few
weeks left in the season and
loads waiting to be delivered,
Hugh's got all of Polar's
drivers turning and burning.
Crank her hard.
Crank it hard.
Narrator: All except one.
'Cause I feel like hell.
Rick had some bad luck there.
He had a little bit of
mouse infestation there.
There's some serious
evidence of mouse feces.
You've got a little bit of a
chest infection there and...
Narrator: Rick Yemm has been
out of commission for weeks,
putting him way behind in
the dash for the cash.
He's got to learn to deal with
the shit, and let's get
her done and get everything-- everybody
wants this fucker up there.
Let's get her up there, we'll make
money, everybody'll be happy.
Narrator: With his load of septic
tanks strapped down, Hugh
checks in with owner Mark Kohaykewych
before hitting the road.
Well, if you've seen him, you're--
you're-- after seeing him, you know--
Hey.
[Rock music]
♪ ♪
Mr. Rowland.
What's with the hoodie on?
[Overlapping chatter]
Bad juju, man.
Oh ho ho!
No, I couldn't do it, man.
Oh, there's the blue.
Hey.
What happened?
Well, truck tried to kill me.
Bad luck, man.
You figure that's what it was?
You gotta get the blue hair on.
When I became blonde, it
didn't work did it, so...
- Didn't work did it, so...
- Can I touch it?
You can touch it.
Now you gotta wash your hand.
You probably got blue on it.
I just got it done.
Yeah, it's leaking down the
front of your forehead there.
Yeah, it's not raining.
So you ready to go to work?
Yeah, yeah, I'm better.
They gave me the clear for
the hantavirus, so...
- And I'm feeling better
every day, so... - Good.
Well, if you guys want, we can
go get the dispatch sheet.
Hey, I'm back on my feet again.
I think he's on board.
He says he's on board.
I hope he's-- for what he's
saying, we're gonna get right
out of here and not stop now.
We should just turn and
burn every trip we get.
And we just head down and ass
up and just fucking get at her.
You ready there, Mr. Rowland?
Yeah, you bet.
Narrator: Rick follows Hugh out with
another load of septic tanks...
Bound for the remote
outpost of Wasagamack.
Its an 300-mile trip... that they
should be able to make in one day.
I could still use my afternoon
nap I've been getting.
Narrator: - As long as Rick...
- Oh, fuck.
Narrator: And the roads hold up.
Could be rough.
You all right?
Well, that hurt.
It's clicking on
pretty good here.
But it's slippery.
Yeah, as long as the guy straddles
them fucking ruts, it's pretty good.
And when you get sucked into them,
they toss you around pretty good.
Cute. Fuck!
Whoa. Oh! Oh-oh.
Whoa, no, no, no, no, no, no.
[Laughing]
The trailer swung right around
there and hit the fucking ditch.
Did this the whole way.
Swung right around
there all by itself.
Narrator: The slippery road,
frost heaves, and tight corners
threaten to jackknife
the rigs at every turn.
Here we go, fuck, fuck.
I keep thinking I'm gonna
get squashed here, fuck.
Narrator: Hugh's solution--
step on the gas...
Then pull his trailer
back in line.
You gotta keep pulling her straight,
'cause the trailers aren't aligning.
You gotta keep pulling her straight
or you'll squash your bunk.
[Laughs]
Whoa!
Fuck.
[Horn blasts]
We missed her.
Four-wheeler coming.
[Yawns]
Ah, shit, ah, shit, ah, shit.
[Horn blares]
[Crash]
Fuck.
Fuck!
I just fucking...
Well, we hit a truck.
Narrator: - Coming up...
- Come on.
Narrator: Darrell's
stranded at 40 below.
I need some hot chocolate.
Narrator: - And later...
- What is that?
Narrator: Austin gets more
than he bargained for.
Oh, shit.
Narrator: Deep in the
Canadian wilderness, it's
Rick Yemm's first day
back behind the wheel.
But he's getting no welcome
from the winter roads.
Four-wheeler coming.
[Yawns]
Ah, shit, ah, shit, ah, shit.
[Horn blares]
[Crash]
Fuck.
Fuck!
I just fucking...
Well, we hit a truck.
Did you get any damage?
Plastic?
I couldn't get slowed down.
I was locked right up.
Trailer was traveling a
little too fast, eh?
Yeah, no, I just couldn't even
get stopped, it's so slick.
Sorry about that, man.
- I just... - Rick lucked
out, just scratching the paint.
We'll get it sorted out for you.
Narrator: It could have
come at a bigger cost.
Where you at, Rick?
Narrator: But Rick's mistake
is costing Hugh time.
I'll be a while here.
Of all people, I hit a
superintendent for the fucking roads.
Just my luck, eh, Hugh?
Well, I'm just sitting here.
Well, when I get
there, let's go.
Narrator: - 2,000 miles northwest
in Fairbanks, Alaska... - Mark!
What's going on, Jack?
Good.
We got something going today?
Narrator: The haul road ace is
looking to get back on top of
the load count.
How about this
mixed-up load here?
You got a stop at mile 339.
Live offload.
They're hot for this freight.
There is a little bit more that's gotta
go all the way into Prudhoe Bay.
There you go, big boy.
All right, thanks, Mark.
All right, Jack.
We'll see you later.
All right, stay out of trouble.
Narrator: Today Jack's pulling
double duty with a load
headed to Prudhoe Bay.
I got a lot to get done today.
And another that has to be offloaded
by hand on the side of the Dalton.
It's looking good.
This ought to be a nice load.
Narrator: - Back at the office...
- Good morning, Chop.
What's up, buddy?
What have we got today?
Anything good?
How about this
mixed-up load here?
Got a little bit of
everything on it.
Narrator: Porkchop's also dispatched
with a load bound for the oil fields.
And we're gonna make you
run with Jack Jessee.
Narrator: And he'll be running with
Jack to help with the extra offload.
He should be over there
inspecting the loads and getting
ready to go right now.
It's a pleasure to run up with
him and see what happens.
It's always nice to
go up in a pair.
Safety in numbers, big boy.
Yup. That's right.
All right, man.
Any questions?
Uh, nope.
I'm gonna get out of here, man.
All right, see you later.
Narrator: But he's not
happy being slowed down.
I'm not here to drag ass.
I'm here to drive a truck.
He can go on his own.
I don't need that shit.
Porkchop.
What's going on?
Let's do this.
See you out in the yard.
All right.
Going on the road with Jack.
It is what it is.
Roll with the punches.
We do the buddy system thing
because its cold and you
don't wanna take any
chances up here.
This sucks.
Let's get out of here.
Play the game.
That's all you can do.
Narrator: - 250 miles up the Dalton...
- I've been out here by myself.
I always want to get out of Fairbanks
bright and early in the morning.
Narrator: Load count leader Darrell Ward
is already a step ahead of Jack Jessee.
The ace, I know he's
back there somewhere.
Maybe knock the ace
off the throne.
It would be... priceless.
Narrator: He's halfway up the road
with a tanker of machine oil.
It's kind of a disappointment
missing Reno's basketball
season, but you gotta have a job, gotta
work, to pay for his way through college.
You know, Reno
understands that.
I'll try to get a hold of him
when I get out into Prudhoe.
I haven't talked to
him for a few days.
Get the show on the road.
Narrator: But as he hits
the North Slope...
The farther north I'm going,
the colder it's getting.
Narrator: The
temperature plummets.
It's down to 47 below now.
It's cold out there.
It's not anyplace you want to
hang out outside for very long.
[Beeping]
All right, here we go.
What the hell?
I'm getting warning lights
going off and beepers.
I don't know what's going on.
Check engine.
Well, I'm gonna pull over here, make
sure everything's doing all right.
I don't know what's going on.
I'll get her figured
out, though.
It's damn near 50
below 0 out here.
Yep.
Alternator has gone to shit.
Belts are still running.
She ain't charging.
Narrator: Darrell's best guess is
that the alternator's going out.
That's all I needed to know.
- But still 30 miles from Prudhoe Bay...
- See if she'll make it.
Hopefully it's running good.
Narrator: There's no
choice but to press on.
[Engine falters]
You've got to be kidding me.
Come on.
[Engine won't turn]
We're not going anywhere.
My truck's dead.
I'm the only truck here.
Whoo!
Damn sure chilly.
Narrator: Without any source
of heat, hypothermia and
frostbite can set
in within minutes.
Build a campfire in here
in a minute, damn it.
Narrator: Darrell only has
two options for survival--
- wait for a passing truck...
- Oh, it's cold.
Narrator: Or pray his phone
is in range of Prudhoe Bay.
[Line ringing]
Hello, it's Kevin.
Hey, Kevin, it's Darrell here.
My alternator's dead.
I have no power.
Oh, alternator problem, huh?
So I just shut all my switches
and gadgets off, and
I'm sitting over here
freezing my ass off.
All right, cool, send him over.
Yep, send him over and send
some hot chocolate with him.
Take care of my hypothermia.
I don't have anything
to drink in here.
My water's frozen.
All right, thanks, Kevin.
Yeah, bye.
Fuck.
I don't know what they're
bringing or how they're doing
it, but they know where I'm at and
they know what my problem is and...
I need some hot chocolate.
I need something warm to drink 'cause
my water ain't working for me.
Narrator: 200 miles up
Alaska's Dalton highway...
This is my longest
load of the year.
We're 100 feet long,
bumper to bumper.
Narrator: 23-year-old Austin
Wheeler heads to the
oil fields with a
load of long pipe.
I've never hauled
pipe on a pipe dolly.
This is my first time.
Man, this looks a little hairy.
I am a tad nervous.
Hopefully everything goes well.
[Horn blares]
Long pipe southbound.
Narrator: Pilot driver Carl
Reynolds is out ahead,
warning other drivers to stay
clear of the extra long load.
It's just more
difficult all around.
You've got to know where that tail
end of that dolly is all the time.
Narrator: It's been a struggle
to keep the rear dolly
from hitting on-coming traffic.
[Horn blares]
Whenever we pass trucks like,
this I just wanna be able
to see how close we are
to the ditch line.
What is that?
Narrator: But now Austin
faces a new threat.
Looks like his dolly
is a little off.
Hey, Austin.
Go ahead.
Do you know it looks like your dolly
is a little off to the right?
Oh, shit!
Oh my, God, please, no.
Narrator: The pipe dolly
is drifting to the right,
dangerously close to the ditch.
When you load the long pipe on
the dollies, the truck and
the dolly has to be
in perfect alignment.
If it tracks too much to the
right, you risk the chance of
the truck getting pulled
off the road by it.
Inexperience doesn't
help either.
[Horn blares]
We're going to have to stop at
the bakers knob and see if
Carl can help me fix it.
Hey, Carl, how much do you think
that truck of yours weighs?
It scales out at 10,000.
About 5 tons?
That's perfect.
I'm gonna pull over.
Move on along the back.
- So...
- What's up?
What I was thinking is we'll
pull the pick-up behind the
dolly, then I'll chain off to
your front tow hooks here, and
I'll ease forward.
Yeah.
And we'll hook a chain to the
left to the driver's side of the
dolly so it kinda
uses it as an anchor.
And hopefully we can
pull it this way.
Narrator: Austin's plan--
anchor off to the pilot truck
and pull forward to
realign his load.
The thing about it is, if we pull too
much, we'll pull it out of alignment.
Narrator: If he gets it wrong,
the dolly could be pulled
further off-center, making
it impossible to haul.
Okay, Carl, you ready?
All right, here we go.
All right, go for it.
Okay.
There you go.
Pull nice and easy.
[Static]
All right, that's
probably good, huh?
A little bit more.
Go, go, go, go, go,
go, go, go, go, go.
I think that might do it there.
Good right there.
Narrator: - Finally...
- Sweet call.
That worked, man.
Narrator: The dolly is straight
and ready to hit the road again.
Good deal.
Yeah, I could definitely see
it in my mirrors pull the
front around, so that
was what I wanted.
It's a good truck.
Right on.
Let's get on the road.
Narrator: 2,100 miles to the
southeast in Manitoba...
This time we're gonna make
it all the way to Wasagamack.
Narrator: Hugh and Rick
are back on the road.
Oh, shit, oh, shit.
[Horn blares]
Narrator: After Rick's
collision with a winter roads
official... cost them time and
didn't help their reputation.
Yeah, you were traveling a
little bit too fast, eh?
I was coming down that
fucking hill there, and I--
Fuck, I couldn't get
slowed down or nothing.
I'm just picking up speed every
time I tried to stop.
Rick needs to make
a few bucks here.
I don't know what he's gonna do.
He can't blame
anybody but himself.
Narrator: Hugh's pushing Rick to
deliver their loads by day's end.
But now standing in their way
is the 11th largest freshwater
lake in the world.
I just pulled into the start of
Winnipeg Lake crossing here.
I brought a load up on
Thursday and went across here.
I come back out, and two guys,
rookies, going across the
pressure ridge, blew the
fucking bridge out.
They had to close her down for a
couple of days to fix it, so...
She's open again now.
We're gonna try her again today
here and get across here.
Narrator: A pressure ridge is
like a mountain range that forms
in the middle of the lake where two
massive sheets of ice collide.
For semis to cross this gap,
road crews have to maintain
- a fragile manmade bridge...
- Are you ready?
Yes, sir.
Now we do what we
do-- ice road trucking.
On the ice.
I'm just watching
the cracks here.
There's lots of linear
cracks going down here.
As I go by, as I go over top,
they just open up like this and
then close back up.
Pretty wild.
You can tell the ice
ain't very thick.
[Ice cracking]
Ah, like they say, by the time
you notice what's going on,
you're already underwater anyway, so...
That isn't even running through your mind.
Narrator: At the deepest
part of the lake...
Yeah, you can see where they
blew her out right here, right
down the middle of her.
Narrator: Hugh reaches
the pressure ridge.
That's actually open
water in there.
Oh, she's gonna be rough.
Fuck.
Hold on!
- In the middle of Lake Winnipeg...
- Now you can see where they
blew her out right here.
Narrator: Hugh gets ready
to make the jump from one
giant sheet of ice to another.
Oh, she's gonna be rough.
Fuck.
Hold on.
Easy now.
Yup.
That's the end of her.
I'm up. I'm safe.
I'm just crossing it now.
Okay, 10-4.
Narrator: Now it's Rick's turn.
Oh, boy.
Good deal.
Let's roll.
Narrator: Back on dry land,
Hugh and Rick push on, hoping
to make it to Wasagamack
without stopping.
[Horn blares]
Let's get her done.
Narrator: 2,100 miles to the northwest...
in Alaska's frozen tundra...
Damn sure chilly.
Narrator: Darrell Ward is stranded
at 50 below... with no heat.
I don't know what they're
bringing or how they're doing
it, but they know where I'm at,
and they know what my problem is.
Narrator: Help is on the way.
Ooh, and it is cold out here.
It's nasty.
Narrator: But in these extreme
temperatures, every second counts.
- With nothing to do but wait...
- I got to get a hold of Reno.
I haven't talked to
him for a few days.
I know he's probably starting
to wonder what happened to me.
Narrator: Darrell looks to family to
take his mind off the brutal cold.
Hello.
What are you doing, Reno?
Nothing. Just got on the bus after the
championship double overtime game.
So now divisions are over
and you're going to State?
Yeah, going to state,
number one team.
[Chuckles]
It's the first time
we beat 'em all year.
[Indistinct] Right time.
How much you win by?
53-50.
How's everything going at home?
Good.
Good?
Right on.
Yup.
Well, I'm gonna have to get
rolling here and get on the road.
I'm hooked up to a tanker,
get headed up north.
Yeah, we're just getting into
Missoula anyways, and we're
gonna have to go in here to eat.
Tell everybody good luck at
State, and, if they lose, I'm
- gonna come down and kick
their ass, and... - All right.
I'm proud of you, Reno.
Yeah, talk to you later.
Love you.
Okay, love you too. Bye.
Bye.
Reminds me what I'm doing
this for, you know.
[Horn beeps]
Yes!
Narrator: Finally, a loader from
Prudhoe Bay comes to Darrell's rescue.
Oh, it's cold out here!
Whoo!
So I'm just gonna yard you out and
pick you up and then carry you back.
Okay.
Nice hat.
Thanks.
It's warm.
You want me to take
a spin on that?
Have at it, and I'll
go get hooked up.
All right.
Are you sure?
You got a straight trailer
de-rigged from here.
Carlile can bring the other
trucks over, snatch this trailer
up, and take her to town.
There you go.
This is a good thing, you know.
I'd really be screwed.
Thank God.
[Beeping]
Narrator: As night falls on
Darrell's disastrous day...
Porkchop, when you come
around that switchback right
here, stay way to the outside,
you go around it a lot easier.
I'm hugging the outside
wall in the groove, by God.
Narrator: Porkchop and Jack
Jessee reach the North Slope.
Running with Jack,
coming up here.
Don't really like it.
The only problem with Jack Jesse
is he's on Jack Jessee time.
But I gots to make my own.
My pockets is hungry.
Hey, Chop, I gotta
stop here and offload.
It shouldn't take much
more than an hour there.
Narrator: Jack has to drop off
part of his load for workers
who are repairing the pipeline.
So I think we are going out
to where those lights are.
That's where I'm
offloading, I think.
Narrator: In these frigid
North Slope temperatures,
Jack's relying on Porkchop to help him
offload quickly and get back on the road.
Trying to make contact with the
construction crew going on here.
It's been good riding with you,
and I'll see you in the morning.
Narrator: But Porkchop
has a change of plans.
Porkchop, where are you, man?
He didn't leave me
out here, did he?
Jack had to stop back there and
unload part of his load, so
it's a simple fact that
we can't run together.
You know, we're truck drivers.
We're not always going to the
same place, we're not always
delivering the same thing.
Porkchop, where you at?
Are you kidding me, he left?
We are not truck drivers
from down South.
You don't do that shit up here.
I'm not happy with him.
Narrator: While Jack offloads
alone in 50 below...
- 25 miles up the road...
- I don't see where there
should be any hard feelings.
I like him, but I can't pull his
weight the whole rest of the time.
If I sit around and wait on him
the whole damn time, I'm not
gonna make no money for myself.
Every now and then, you gotta branch off
and take care of your own business.
Narrator: An hour later, back
at the offload sight...
I got a couple more things to clean up,
and then I'll be out of your hair.
All right, safe travels, man.
Okay, man, thanks.
He knew I had to stop and offload
right there, to help me do my job.
You got a lot to learn
about real truck drivers.
Narrator: By the time Jack rolls out...
Porkchop's already made it to Prudhoe Bay.
What a beautiful night
in Prudhoe, baby!
Whoo!
Narrator: And has his mind
only on the load count.
When I pass Jack Jessee and I
pass Darrell Ward, they're
gonna scratch their head and
say, "What the hell was that?"
There's a little bit more to it
than just trying to get loads.
As far as I am concerned,
he's burned that bridge.
I don't give second chances.
Narrator: - Coming up...
- You put me in a bad spot.
Narrator: Jack's
looking for answers.
So you want me to just sit with my finger
up my rear while you get unloaded?
That's what we do sometimes.
In the middle of the road?
That's BS, man. You know.
[Horn blares]
Narrator: On the remote
Canadian winter roads...
Well, we just come by
the 300 kilometer sign.
So we can't have much more
than about 40 clicks left.
Narrator: Hugh and Rick are powering
through a day of delays...
Lets get her done.
Fucking shit.
Narrator: Hoping to reach the
outpost of Wasagamack without
another stop.
Big one coming.
Ho ho ho.
Easy!
Narrator: But on his first day back
on the job, the rough roads...
Pretty hard on the kidneys
this year, that's for sure.
Narrator: Are taking
a toll on Rick.
Right now I'm feeling
pretty tired.
I'm still fighting
this cold off.
I could use a rest, man.
They're counting on
us to get it there.
They're counting on you.
And like I said, the thing's
fucking-kicking me.
I'm still tired.
Time to earn your keep.
It's not my fault I'm
fucking exhausted.
She's a hard old goal, but you don't
see anybody else fucking doing her.
Well, now I'm not nice.
Now I'm a fucker.
This is no longer fun.
That's the way we're playing
the game, truck gets parked.
I'm just not driving anymore.
Narrator: Less than 10 miles
from their destination...
There's St. Theresa's work yard.
There's a yard that
we can park at.
Narrator: Rick calls it a night.
Okay, we made her
to St. Theresa.
We didn't make her
to Wasagamack.
We fucked around
too much today.
We'll have to see if we can line
something up tomorrow to get unloaded.
Probably waste a whole
day here tomorrow.
We're cool, though, right?
Yep, we're cool.
Yeah, well, a shot of beer,
and I'm hitting that fucking
fart sack, 'cause I'm tired.
Get some sleep.
You can sleep in may.
That's what I always
tell everybody.
Narrator: The next morning at
the Carlile yard in Prudhoe Bay...
Let's go see what dispatch
has got for me today.
Narrator: Porkchop hits dispatch
looking for a backhaul,
but he's not the only one.
What's going on, Jack?
Hey, Kevin.
What do we got?
What we got going back?
I got a deck set going back.
If you wanna haul that out
for me, I'd appreciate it.
Okay. Not a problem.
I need to talk to
you for a second.
Sure, let's do it.
I gotta talk to you
about last night, man.
All right.
You put me in a bad spot.
Leaving me out there when we
were all buddied up the whole
trip, you know, what if
something would have happened?
So you want me to just sit with
my finger up my rear while
you get unloaded?
That's what we do
up here sometimes.
In the middle of the road?
Yeah, exactly.
That's BS, man. You know it.
No. Not up here it's not.
Maybe in the states.
I understand you can't stop on
the interstate, but this is not
the interstate road,
this is the haul road.
If you need to stop wherever and
wait on somebody, you do that.
Everybody on this
road understands.
So just pull over on
the side of the road?
Yeah, if you have to do that.
If it needs to be done.
We still had 70 miles to go on
and get in there, you know.
If something would have happened
to me and you're out of radio
range, what was I
supposed to do?
We do things
differently up here.
It's a lot more
relying on everybody.
These conditions, they're
just too dangerous.
Get this job.
Get this done.
We got a lot more to do.
Jack Jessee.
Hell, I feel like I'm back in
high school getting called to
the principal's office.
I don't know what it is with him,
but you know... there's no
need for all that shit.
The haul road ace has now become
the haul road ass, in my opinion.
Porkchop's gonna have to
have a talk with Lane.
I've got to inform him on this.
Somebody's gotta
straighten that out.
Narrator: Jack moves into a tie
for the top spot after his
double delivery, while Darrell's
breakdown stalled his load count lead.
- Back at Prudhoe dispatch...
- Hey, Kevin. What's up, man?
What's happening, Austin?
Oh, just seeing-- I brought
that load of long pipe in.
Sweet.
What are you doing, Austin?
Hey, Darrell.
How are you, man?
You know how I am.
I guess I don't know.
My truck broke down.
Oh, it is?
Yeah.
Oh, man.
All my dash lights,
everything was off.
Alternator.
I reached up, I hit my throttle,
revved it up a little
bit, you know, and it idled down,
it went all the way to shut off.
Oh, dang.
The battery's totally dead.
What are you going to do?
Sitting over at deadhorse.
Another dead horse
at deadhorse.
I'll pull him home.
Well, that'd be better than me
waiting here for two days--
Well, yeah, then you could have the
shop put an alternator in, and
- you wouldn't have to do it.
- Sounds like a plan. - All right.
I'll just take the ride
with Austin.
Yeah, and Darrell and I can
talk about Porkchop and Jack...
Yeah, no doubt.
Right on. I appreciate it.
Yeah, no problem.
Let's go.
That's what I do for
our Carlile friends.
All right.
Let's get out of here.
Make sure you don't pull
Porkchop's trailer sitting back there.
I think they get to
Fairbanks without my truck.
Nothing stops the Chop!
Except for Atigun,
the Beaver Slide,
not hooking to your trailer,
I mean, all * Porkchop
keep running your mouth.
He asked me *
This is the easiest way *
And I'm like...
Don't fucking *
I heard he was
running with Jack, the ace.
The ace of the haul road.
Come on...
♪ Coldfoot, I found
Jack Jesse sitting in there.
- Yeah.
- All the time.
♪ parking lot with
his name, Jack's spot.
I can talk all day
about those guys.
Next time on
Ice Road Truckers...
45 below 0 here.
Plummeting temperatures...
♪
threaten to shut down
North America's ice roads.
It's getting colder
the norther I go.
Looks like the apocalypse right here.
In the Yukon...
Alex fights to keep
supplies moving up the Dempster.
The road has been closed as
much as has been open.
But in Manitoba, Canada...
temperatures...
and tempers...
are on a season high.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org